README-en.md, before:

README in [粵語(Cantonese)](README.md) | [普通話(Mandarin)](README-cmn.md)

Jyutping
======

<a href="https://t.me/jyutping">
        <img src="images/badge-telegram.png" alt="Telegram" width="150"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/jyutping_app">
        <img src="images/badge-instagram.png" alt="Instagram" width="150"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.threads.net/@jyutping_app">
        <img src="images/badge-threads.png" alt="Threads" width="150"/>
</a>
<a href="https://x.com/JyutpingApp">
        <img src="images/badge-twitter.png" alt="X (formerly Twitter)" width="150"/>
</a>
<a href="https://jq.qq.com/?k=4PR17m3t">
        <img src="images/badge-qq.png" alt="QQ" width="150"/>
</a>
<br>
<br>

Cantonese Keyboard for Android adopts the [LSHK Jyutping scheme](https://jyutping.org/jyutping) and supports common habitual spellings.

Feature highlights:
- Full support for Jyutping input.
- Abbreviated input with Jyutping initials.
- Accurate input with Jyutping tones.
- Traditional / Simplified characters.
- Reverse Lookup with Cangjie, Quick(Sucheng), Stroke or Mandarin Pinyin.
- Jyutping hints for candidates.
- Emoji suggestions.
- Easy ways to Copy, Cut, Paste and moving cursor backward/forward.
- Audio and Haptic feedbacks.

Jyutping for iOS & macOS: [yuetyam/jyutping](https://github.com/yuetyam/jyutping)

## Screenshots
<img src="images/screenshot.png" alt="App Screenshot" width="300"/>

## Download
<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jyutping.jyutping">
        <img src="images/badge-google-play-download.svg" alt="Google Play badge" width="150"/>
</a>
<br>
<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jyutping.jyutping">
        <img src="images/qrcode-google-play.png" alt="Google Play QR Code" width="150"/>
</a>
<br>
<br>
Also available on our website: https://jyutping.app/android

## Credits
- [Rime-Cantonese](https://github.com/rime/rime-cantonese) (Cantonese Lexicon)
- [OpenCC](https://github.com/BYVoid/OpenCC) (Traditional-Simplified Character Conversion)
- [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/) (Licenses for Open Source Development)

## Thank you for your support
Website: https://jyutping.app/donate

Patreon: https://patreon.com/bingzheung

愛發電: https://afdian.com/a/jyutping

Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/zheung

PayPal: https://paypal.me/bingzheung

Bitcoin: `bc1qx5tjmlvq8ydmfzxt5fru7vqq0khjkhf2savheh`

<img src="images/sponsor.jpg" alt="WeChat Sponsor" width="180"/>

Commit message:

(README) Add [How to build]

README-en.md, after:

README in [粵語(Cantonese)](README.md) | [普通話(Mandarin)](README-cmn.md)

Jyutping
======

<a href="https://t.me/jyutping">
        <img src="images/badge-telegram.png" alt="Telegram" width="150"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/jyutping_app">
        <img src="images/badge-instagram.png" alt="Instagram" width="150"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.threads.net/@jyutping_app">
        <img src="images/badge-threads.png" alt="Threads" width="150"/>
</a>
<a href="https://x.com/JyutpingApp">
        <img src="images/badge-twitter.png" alt="X (formerly Twitter)" width="150"/>
</a>
<a href="https://jq.qq.com/?k=4PR17m3t">
        <img src="images/badge-qq.png" alt="QQ" width="150"/>
</a>
<br>
<br>

Cantonese Keyboard for Android adopts the [LSHK Jyutping scheme](https://jyutping.org/jyutping) and supports common habitual spellings.

Feature highlights:
- Full support for Jyutping input.
- Abbreviated input with Jyutping initials.
- Accurate input with Jyutping tones.
- Traditional / Simplified characters.
- Reverse Lookup with Cangjie, Quick(Sucheng), Stroke or Mandarin Pinyin.
- Jyutping hints for candidates.
- Emoji suggestions.
- Easy ways to Copy, Cut, Paste and moving cursor backward/forward.
- Audio and Haptic feedbacks.

Jyutping for iOS & macOS: [yuetyam/jyutping](https://github.com/yuetyam/jyutping)

## Screenshots
<img src="images/screenshot.png" alt="App Screenshot" width="300"/>

## Download
<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jyutping.jyutping">
        <img src="images/badge-google-play-download.svg" alt="Google Play badge" width="150"/>
</a>
<br>
<a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jyutping.jyutping">
        <img src="images/qrcode-google-play.png" alt="Google Play QR Code" width="150"/>
</a>
<br>
<br>
Also available on our website: https://jyutping.app/android

## How to build
Build requirements:
- Android Studio 2025.1.1+

Clone with `--depth` to reduce code size:
~~~bash
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/yuetyam/jyutping-android.git
~~~
Prepare databases:
~~~bash
# cd path/to/jyutping-android
cd ./preparing/
./gradlew run
~~~

Then open this project with Android Studio.

## Credits
- [Rime-Cantonese](https://github.com/rime/rime-cantonese) (Cantonese Lexicon)
- [OpenCC](https://github.com/BYVoid/OpenCC) (Traditional-Simplified Character Conversion)
- [JetBrains](https://www.jetbrains.com/) (Licenses for Open Source Development)

## Thank you for your support
Website: https://jyutping.app/donate

Patreon: https://patreon.com/bingzheung

愛發電: https://afdian.com/a/jyutping

Ko-fi: https://ko-fi.com/zheung

PayPal: https://paypal.me/bingzheung

Bitcoin: `bc1qx5tjmlvq8ydmfzxt5fru7vqq0khjkhf2savheh`

<img src="images/sponsor.jpg" alt="WeChat Sponsor" width="180"/>
